Background:

http://www.softwarefreedom.org/resources/2007/gpl-non-gpl-collaboration.html

Project policy:

We use a "file-by-file" method of copyright inventory. The comment
block at the top of a source file declares which license covers that
particular source file. Individual contributors hold copyright over
the chunks of code that they submit (unless otherwise noted), as
documented by source code control software that records the project's
history.

All contributions are expected to be licensed Apache 2.0.

Contributions are Apache 2.0 by default.


OpenMx Team Conduct Policy

It is the policy of the development team that all participants, including attendees, vendors, volunteers, and all other stakeholders at OpenMx meetings and related events will conduct themselves in a professional manner that is welcoming to all participants and free from any form of discrimination, harassment, or retaliation. Membership in the OpenMx Team is a privilege, not a right, and the team reserves the right to evaluate anyone’s standing as a member.

Participants will treat each other with respect and consideration to create a collegial, inclusive, and professional environment at OpenMx Meetings. Creating a supportive environment to enable scientific discourse at OpenMx meetings is the responsibility of all participants.

Participants will avoid any inappropriate actions or statements based on individual characteristics such as age, race, ethnicity, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, marital status, nationality, political affiliation, ability status, educational background, religious affiliation, or any other characteristic protected by law. Like many other organizations, the OpenMx Team supports the diversity and inclusion of all individuals and groups in scientific research. For example, we encourage and support the respectful discussion of analyses that include variables such as age, ancestry/race/ethnicity, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, marital status, nationality, political affiliation, ability status, religious affiliation, and educational background.

However, unprofessional, disruptive, or harassing behavior of any kind (i.e., whether targeting an individual or group) will not be tolerated. According to the APA, sexual harassment is sexual solicitation, physical advances, or verbal or nonverbal conduct that is sexual in nature, and that either (1) is unwelcome, is offensive, or creates a hostile workplace or educational environment, and the scientist knows or is told this or (2) is sufficiently severe or intense to be abusive to a reasonable person in the context. Harassment can consist of a single intense or severe act or of multiple persistent or pervasive acts.

Violations of this code of conduct policy should be reported by the people involved or their representatives to any member of the OpenMx Team.  Instances of misconduct will be investigated by the OpenMx Team as a whole, who will gather evidence, review the complaint, interview the person about whom the complaint is made, along with any other pertinent witnesses, and determine appropriate sanction(s), if any. Sanctions may include, but are not limited to: recommendation for training in professional conduct, mediation, loss of participation in team meetings.

Decisions of the OpenMx Team can be appealed by either party to the Team, which makes the final decision. Members of the team who are in conflict will recuse themselves from the review. All deliberations and conclusions of these committees, as well as information about incidents or individuals, will remain confidential, although information may be disclosed if required by law.
